refactor: remove unused `check.ts` (#1313)
tact-lang/tact: CHANGELOG.md

- To reduce fees, Tact no longer stores the parent contract code in the system cell that holds all the child contract codes used in `initOf`. Instead, the `MYCODE` instruction is used: PR [#1213](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/1213)
- Generated TS wrappers now use `const` where possible for variable declarations: PR [#1292](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/1292)
- Allow serialization specifiers for trait fields PR: [#1303](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/1303)

> - Remove `check.ts` [#1313](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/1313)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove unused typechecker wrapper with the file `check.ts` it contains: PR [#1313](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/1313)
```

> - Remove unused typechecker wrapper with the file `check.ts` it contains: PR [#1313](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/1313)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove unused typechecker wrapper with the file `check.ts` it is contained in: PR [#1313](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/1313)
```
